.
. .
. . .
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
I wasn't sure whether I was going to do it.
No, there I am, I see it.
It was not talking very loud or something.
Or I had the music.
Just give myself a little juice.
I don't have my headphones on anymore.
My name is Jonathan Cooley.
I used to be a patch clam physiologist.
The reason why we call this Giga ohm biological is because that describes the electrophysiological connection, the resistance of the connection between my electrode and a neuron.
And it was a Giga ohm connection, which is both high resistance and low noise.
And that's why we call this the Giga ohm biological, high resistance, low noise, information, brief.
I'm just going to do the opening and we're ready to go.
It should be a pretty quick show. I just got a little short video.
We'll watch at one and a half speed as usual.
Intramuscular injection of any combination itself.
Intramuscular injection of any system itself.
Transfection of the Giga.
Primarily negative.
Environments are not pattern integrity.
My animations are running a little slow again.
My music is low.
High again.
I'm just going to have to get my headphones back on or something here.
I'm trying to figure it out dudes.
I might just have to put my headphones back on.
I'm not going to put my headphones back on, dang it.
I'm going to try very hard not to put my headphones back on because I want to keep them off and let my ears breathe a little bit.
I have them in all day to day and it's too much.
It's too much, I tell you.
Let me see if I can do this right.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological High Resistance.
Low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Still can't hear me.
I'm going to jack it up a little more and you're just going to have to hear also all the stuff in my throat.
Turn it up just a little more.
Every time I get closer of course it sounds fine.
Then maybe I'll ding this once just to see where we're at.
I don't know.
That should be fine.
Anyway, good to see you guys.
Sorry that I'm not using my headphones as usual but I don't know.
I'm trying to get out of the monitor thing but maybe I always have to do it as long as it's me and only me.
I might have to do a monitor thing here.
Let me get back to this guy.
Let's see here.
We have always been talking about this great Scooby-Doo, the illusion of consensus about a novel virus that killed millions of people.
The millions more were saved from.
The gain of function is likely the source of and that will definitely come again.
I really think at this stage we can think of this as an orchestrated release of this narrative.
A controlled operation as the truth or whatever the story is.
The mythology that we're supposed to end up believing eventually becomes our conclusions that we solve this mystery.
I think that's the reason why I like to use the Scooby-Doo so much and that's why I like to call it a faith because it really does feel like we're surrounded on all sides by all these different opinions but all these different opinions seem to agree on the central faith of everything to begin with.
Of course we've been misled by the potential for pandemics and where it can be found.
We've also been misled by how it can be created and the idea behind this misleading us about this took a really long time for us to understand.
The gist of it is that it seems like they've been laying this worst case scenario from the very beginning on purpose and even in fact most likely you could even see eco-health alliance itself as an organization that was established with the intention of creating the worst case scenario narrative.
And a sort of an intentional trail of malfeasance that they could then point to in the Scooby-Doo mystery.
And I have almost no doubt at this stage that this aspect of the narrative we have nailed down pat.
And that's why I think it's apt to call it a New World Order.
It's apt to have the bats coming out of a cave there and kind of the reverse of the North Face logo.
Because it is really what they have been planning for a very long time and we need to take a hold of this term much in the same way Tyrion Lannister suggested to Jon Snow that he had to own his identity and use it as his armor otherwise people would use it against him.
We need to use this concept of a New World Order as a way of warning people that that's exactly what they are doing.
And not only that but use this term as a way of warning them that this was a plan for a long time.
At least that's the reason why I use it. So don't think that somehow I'm cryptically involved in this.
I'm fighting it as much as you are for my kids and for theirs.
So this illusion of consensus is what we need to break and I have been trying to sort of point out that there are some sort of key things that we have to think about.
And one of them that I think we really do need to consider is the idea that there is very little difference between a warning and an announcement.
And many times I've felt as though we have been led astrayed by certain people in this narrative.
Led astray, distracted, we've become engrossed in certain discussions about intellectual property whose ideas are whose.
And these things ended up to be a lot of fireworks in the sky but the real business was going on in the buildings below.
And so we really want to be careful as we move forward because I really do think that there is a danger that there is some.
We've been warned more often than we might be aware of.
In fact, I think that there's one really interesting observation that was made first by my friend Matt Crawford.
Then made by someone who I can't remember and I still couldn't remember after trying to think about it for a few days.
And the third one was really me.
And the observation that I made was that Dr. Robert Malone in the first part of the pandemic was calling it COVID, not COVID.
And it dawned on me that COVID is actually Ovid.
And Ovid is the way that my world literature teacher pronounced this guy Ovid's metamorphosis, this Greek epic or whatever.
And so I thought what if I could find a world literature lecture on Ovid's metamorphosis and maybe they could tell us a little bit about what Ovid meant.
And maybe it would have something to do with what's going on in the pandemic.
So I found this world literature lecture on Ovid metamorphosis.
And I don't want you to watch the whole thing.
But I'm going to pick it up where my fellow long hair is talking about these original Gilgamesh Iliad and the Aeneid.
And the idea that these are about a certain kind of structure in society.
They have a certain general theme with a hero and all this other stuff.
And so I'm picking him up here in the middle where he's discussing the kind of overarching themes that these three stories have in common and do not have in common with Ovid, which is over here under transformation and chaos, which he had already talked about earlier.
But I don't want you to listen to the first.
So let's see what we get out of this.
So yes, so a very sort of patriarchal family structure, right?
Piety, patriarchy.
What else?
Emperor should be worshiped as God.
Okay, Emperor as God.
Yep.
Can you hear him?
Okay.
Place this under piety, right?
Yes, here.
Yeah, have a lot of kids within marriage, right?
So kind of marital chastity.
And above all, a good Roman does his or her duty, right?
You're a citizen first and individual second, right?
Rome, the idea of Rome matters more than your personal desires.
So to what extent, given what you've read here, does Ovid seem to endorse any of these values?
No, not so much.
What seems to be going on here instead?
Yes.
We've got, yeah, constant rule breaking, right?
Chaos.
Yeah, this is a poem about chaos.
And it's a poem that suggests that the natural human state is in fact chaos and that everything
ultimately tends back to chaos.
Order is always temporary and it's artificial.
It has to be imposed by some God or kinder nature.
As Ovid puts it, chaos is what's natural.
Now, around the year eight CE, when he was just finishing up this poem, but parts of it
are already circulated amongst various of Ovid's friends, Ovid was exiled.
So the first part of this thing is, I forgot where I cut it off, so I wanted to just let it run.
The first part of this commentary then is setting up the idea that the previous Roman
epics were all about telling a story about a hero and stories about maintaining these sort of myths
about the Roman society.
Whereas Ovid's metamorphoses don't follow any of those rules and in fact start to turn things
upside down and even...
What has he done?
I'll just let him say it.
Yeah, he's putting things in order, right?
He's imposing a shape on the universe.
He's imposing a shape on reality.
The matter was already there.
He's just organizing it.
So the creation really here is kind of misnamed.
It's really like the great organization or the birth of order.
So we start with chaos.
Some God steps in and puts everything in order.
So why is it then that so many things are able to change their shapes throughout this narrative?
What is Ovid's setting up here?
Why is the human form, the animal form, the plant form so unstable?
What is the base unit of creation?
In all of these stories there's transformations that occur between people and beast and beast
and people.
The thing that everything is ultimately made out of.
What does?
For Ovid.
What's the thing that's there before anything else's?
Yeah, everything's made out of chaos.
This is why everything shifts and changes, right?
This is why you can turn a human being into a cow.
This is why you can turn a fleeing nymph into a tree, right?
This is why a statue can be turned into a live woman.
So what all forms of matter have in common, right?
For Ovid, is that they're all inherently chaotic.
And form and order and purpose are temporary.
Now let's look at this in terms of what we talked about last week.
What was Virgil trying to set up in the Aeneid?
What was his basic purpose in writing the Aeneid?
So did you kind of catch what I'm getting at there?
That in a way the pronunciation of COVID as COVID may not have been a mistake.
It may have been a hint.
It may have some origins in the original meaning.
But it's very interesting because if we just take a brief look at a video
from the beginning of this year and I just want to use this video as a way of pointing
out that there is a fine line between announcement and warning, right?
These people can be telling us what's coming and saying, you know, we should fight it
or they could be telling us what's coming so that these ideas are out there as they are
implemented.
And there is a very, very fine line, especially in the now ubiquitous term fifth generation
warfare.
It is a very fine line between announcement and warning, between a call to arms and a useless
announcement that will not save you, but just make sure you understand what's going to happen
to you.
And I think I aptly describe these two guys and others as really giving us warnings.
And I want to watch this video together with you to see if you think that there are people
here who are announcing or are they warning.
And we have to listen very carefully in order to know this answer.
And maybe even when we listen carefully, we're not going to know the answer.
But let's just see if we can pull something out of this one.
So this is a strategy session, panel discussion, globalist wealth, or global health, with
Assim Mahultra, Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Jonathan Gilthrup, Sasha Latipova, and Michael
Palmer.
And I just want to, you know, it's not going to be real in a spectacular, but because the
questions are rather panel discussion for session.
But we'll just see where we get.
Because on stage, and I think you all raised your concerns about crimes against humanity.
We talked about corruption, bypassing rules and laws, infrastructure, biological weapons.
So I think my first question to you will be, what's our way out of this?
And I know you're all covering very different areas.
What are the lessons learned?
And how do we hold our government's authority accountable?
I can start with you.
It's a great question to start with.
I think this will resonate with everybody.
I think most of the people here, actually, in the speakers that have been on this journey,
is I will talk from a broader conceptual strategy that I think about when I'm involved in these
sorts of skirmishes, is based upon, first and foremost, is that I think everybody here is
very much, are people that are very adherent to ethics and values, right?
And I think that's something intrinsic in most human beings.
I'm not maybe a cynical of some people in the sense that I think that even people like
the likes of Bill Gates, etc, I think they are clouded in ignorance.
I actually don't think they're malicious.
I think they're ignorant.
And I think that they engage in, you know, even for self-interested purposes, they ultimately
are doing damage to people, and it will come back to them.
Even if you look from the ignorance map point of view.
But for me, it's about making the injustice visible.
We have a gross injustice to people, and it will come back.
I actually don't think they're malicious.
I think they're ignorant, and I think that they engage in, you know, even for self-interested
purposes, they're ultimately doing damage to people and it will come back to them.
Even if you look from the ignorance map point of view.
But for me, it's about making the injustice visible.
have a gross injustice going on in the world right now. And it was, you know, who inspired
me in this journey in one of my inspirations was Mahatma Gandhi. And he, you know, got
essentially single-handedly took on the British Empire by non-violent resistance, right?
It was adopted by Mandela, ultimately. It was adopted by Martin Luther King. And it's
very, very powerful to do that. So the key is making the justice visible. Yes, one of
our platforms where we would normally be able to make injustice visible, the mainstream
media, has been more captured than ever, and that's been a challenge. But the social movement
is growing, and I think we just have to just keep going on speaking the truth, looking
after each other. And I actually think we're on the path. We are on that path to overcoming
this corporate tyranny, if you like. Thank you, Seem. Anyone else? So I guess we already
agree that that's absolutely absurd, that people like Bill Gates and the rest of them
don't know what they're doing. That's, it's absolutely absurd. And we know that from other
people that we've talked to who've been behind the scenes at these meetings, and we know that
that's definitely not the case. So that's already strike one.
Just wants to add to that, Tasha?
Oh, my microphone. Well, so as far as how to hold the governments accountable, it's very,
very difficult, as I have outlined here, at least in the US, they made an atrocity legal
on paper. You can never legalize a crime, but they did, and they think that they're going
to get away with it. And I think it's important to try any strategy that anybody wishes to
try. And so go after the pharma manufacturers, go after your local health authorities, state
authorities, try every strategy that you can think of or any lawyer can outline. Ultimately,
my colleague, Catherine, has recommended the following overarching strategy, at least in
the US. We have to force admissions like Pfizer did in court. We need to have them repeated
over and over and over again so that everybody can hear them. Ultimately, we need to have
US Department of Justice go to court on record stating two, either of two things. Either the
genocide is an official US government policy, and nobody did anything wrong, or those were
rogue actors and throw them under the bus.
Thank you, Satcha. And I was just thinking about that great example with Rebel News,
you know, and actually people I spoke to were solely about this during break, but actually
people starting to take action and go after them in public, which is something we need
to start doing as media as well, including myself and everyone else in this room who
is media. Robert, do you want to continue?
So first off, we have to keep speaking. In despite all of the arrayed forces against
us that seek to silence us. We must keep speaking. As pointed out, we must avoid violence.
We must use avoid the use of violent speech. Violence speech alone will be weaponized against
us. It will be used as a justification for even harsher totalitarian measures against
us. Unfortunately, let me phrase it this way. The Twitter files have, together with the
two Attorney General's lawsuits, have clearly demonstrated that there is collusion from
the lowest to the highest levels in the U.S. government to circumvent the U.S. Constitution
in the form of the First Amendment. And I'm perplexed. I'm not aware of any remedy that
we can use, even in the courts, to really overcome that. The only remedy structured in
the United States, which for better or worse still serves as the organizational leadership
hub for NATO and the Western world, is impeachment. Impeachment cannot happen under the current
environment. There may be some possibility of impeaching, for instance, the Secretary
for the Department of Homeland Security, better than that. There's nothing. Our only recourse
is the courts, as was pointed out. And the courts are a little sketchy in the United
States, even in the Supreme Court right now, in terms of there's a lot of division and
tension within those. There are movements to fundamentally restructure the relationship
between the legislator and what we call the administrative state. People may not appreciate
here in Europe that the United States government is largely run by the senior executive service,
which is a small cohort of a few thousand individuals that cannot be fired. They're
completely immune from any executive action. And just like if any of you watch the old
British sitcom Yes, Minister, it puts a happy face on a very ugly truth. These permanent
employees run the government. And these permanent employees that run the government in the United
States have created horizontal and vertical alliances with corporations and multinational
organizations. It's just the way things are. I'm less angry about the short term. I'm
of the opinion that we are now confronting an exemplar of what has been ongoing decades
of planning for a centralized world government and calling it a government is a misnomer.
It's a public-private partnership fusion that meets Mussolini's criteria. I'll just leave
and it's unelected. It represents the largest corporations in the world and their financial
interests. And it's uncountable. We're seeing it covered in the media or Davos in the winter
and China in the summer. And I think that we are likely to be forced into a situation
in which for many of us, we're forced to build new almost underground structures of
affiliations and alliances and rebuild a different structure. I really don't – to
be perfectly honest, the depth of the corruption that has been revealed is such that I don't
see how those agencies can be rebuilt. And I don't see how we have the time and resources
to build parallel agencies to a point that they'll be functional, that we could then
eliminate the existing ones. I'm really quite dark in this and our only hope really truly
is that all of you join us as we walk together and resist this. It will be a generational fight.
And I think that personally, the only way to take it on is to focus on the children
and proceed on that basis, recognizing that we have an opportunity, as Chris Longen points out,
to fulfill the potential of humanity. And that may be the greatest gift of this moment in time,
is to transcend the organizational structures and imperatives that we've lived under for
thousands of years and move to a different way of organizing humankind in which we can fulfill
our potential, but it's not going to be easy. No, definitely not. Thank you, Robert.
Okay, so either genocide is a government policy or it's not, and then we should throw the people
under the bus is what Sash a lot to Pova ended with. Violent speech, we have to be very careful
of violent speech says Robert Malone, because Robert, Robert says that violent speech will be
used against us. Is that announcement or in a warning? Is that something we can really avoid?
Or is that something that we've been just told now? We should just expect this to occur? I think
we should just expect this to occur. I think almost without a doubt, the plan is to police the
internet in such a way that you'll have to use a digital ID in order to post anything. And so
then if you post H speech, it will be tied to your digital ID, which in China might mean that you
lose points in America, you might not for a few years, but that's that's the plan. In case you
don't know, there's a digital ID and a digital euro in the works for the European Union, and
they'll probably be ahead of us on that. But they're in Stockholm right now in this conference at the
beginning of this year talking like this. So is this a warning or is it an announcement?
Or are they going through talking at the EU to let all these EU citizens that are so excited about
the dissident narrative, let them know that this is where they are that if they were real about this,
they would be telling them that the EU is already there, that the EU Parliament is already out of
their control. The EU Parliament is already has 10 and 20 year plans that include a huge
decrease in flying in a huge reorganization of metropolitan areas. These are all real plans.
The EU is not a joke. The EU is a real project that once it was ratified, they were lost.
And so these people are over in the EU talking about America as if the EU is safe or something
like that, when they are definitely not safe. The EU could flip this fascism on with the flip
of a switch. The American government and the American infrastructure of society is not there yet.
But I mean, Europeans are there in a snap. All of them have a passport already. All of them go
on vacation already. All of them have a built-in understanding that they can move across countries.
So as soon as a digital idea is needed, it'll just be required. And all of those people who are so
used to moving between countries will gladly get a digital idea to move freely between countries.
And there will be a convenience part to it, you know, faster through the airport, yada yada yada.
And so is it a warning or an announcement? I don't know. I think it's pretty easy to see.
The the senior executive service, as far as I can tell with everyone else that I've talked
into government, no matter what Robert Malone actually is, this is a joke. The senior executive
service is not a high-paid, are not high-paid executives. These are not people with a lot of
power. They're not people with a lot of without with permanent contracts. That's not
most of the senior executive service are are are short limited contracts.
He says these are permanent employees that run the government. And as far as I can tell from
everybody that I've talked to, this is absolutely positively not the case. Occasionally we have
a chat member by the name of Janet Reno and and she can usually tell us things like that.
Corporate plus government fascism, Davos in the winter and China in the summer,
we need to build an underground structure. Sounds a lot like we can't take back America.
We have to build an underground structure and and it's going to be a generational fight. Sounds
a lot more like he's advocating for us to go underground than he is for advocating for us to
organize and take back, which is I think a still a much more viable goal than building a
parallel shadow infrastructure in America that is essentially a useful health care system,
a useful educational system, a useful social infrastructure that's ridiculous.
We're inside of a moving car right now. We're not going to just jump out.
We're going to take the people in the driver's seat and we're going to knock them out and we're
going to tie them up and we're going to put them in the back. That's what we're going to do
and we're going to take control of the car. Somebody who knows how to drive is going to
sit in the driver's seat slowly, slow the car down and we're going to figure this out.
But underground structure I don't really like. Focus on the children and fulfill the potential
of transforming our society. It sounds a lot like a lot of
avid chaos. Covid chaos.
Like they want to metamorphose our society and the first thing they need to do is create chaos
upon which this metamorphosis can occur. Chaos where people starve and stuff like that. I wonder if
that's what you're going to expect. I agree with what all the other speakers have said.
It's not going to be easy. Guess what? We have a lousy society right now. You know our children
have been taught all the wrong values and it's going to be okay. We have a lousy society right
now she says. And we rebuild and figure out what kind of society we want. What do we want?
This is avid right here. We have a lousy society right now. You know our children have been taught
all the wrong values and it's going to be okay that it all comes apart and we can rebuild and
figure out what kind of society we want. What do we want our two children taught? I won't go into
all this woke business. Suffice to say I was a far left wing activist. Did she say that it's okay
if it all comes apart? You know our children have been taught all the wrong values and it's going to
be okay that it all comes apart and we can rebuild and figure out what kind of society we want. What
do we want our children taught? I won't go into all this woke business. Suffice to say I was a
far left wing activist for most of my life and I am no longer but I think it's inherent upon us
to build the new structures. I think we don't know what the food supply is going to be like.
Everybody should be gardening if you've got a place to do it. Some people are doing it on roofs.
Learn how. There are a lot of people who are willing to help teach you. There's lots of videos and books.
We have to learn if the pharmaceuticals are not available or we may not want them. You know what
we have to learn more about the herbal medicines and the other alternative practices that are safer.
So pharmaceuticals might not be available.
That's another prediction apparently. Everything's going to fall apart.
I am not as pessimistic about the agencies although I think that the people who have survived in
the government agencies are yes men. There's no question about that at least in the United
States. But some of them do have some regulatory knowledge. We do have rules in place that are
not that bad. It's just that they're not following them. So I don't think we have to throw the
whole structure away. What we need to do is get decent people at the top to revamp the agencies
so that they do what they're supposed to do. Hey she said that. I think Robert Malone made a
funny little eyeball there but she actually is saying something I really like there. That's
really great, Meryl. Look at this little eyeball from from from from uh them do have some regulatory
knowledge. We do have rules in place that are not that bad. It's just that they're not following
them. So I don't think we have to throw the whole structure away. What we have to do is get decent
people at the top to revamp. Pamela says the rules are bad and they probably are very terrible
uh in addition to that they don't enforce them but I'm sure the rules are I'm not sure we need
actually how can I say that the rules have to be bad because that's how they get away with this.
They enforce the rules. They very strictly enforce the rules to the point of absurdity
and those rules are up until you know if everybody votes then the rule is that there's an approval.
So the rules are are very very bad. The rules don't require anything other than some people
to say yes. So yes I agree with that. The CIA it's not that I meant CDC of course we definitely
don't need the CIA. Did you catch that podium slip CDC and CIA?
Maybe I should throw in the state department while we're at it but um you know I think again the NIH
is a big waste. I'm sorry what? Maybe we should throw in the state party and slip CDC and
CIA. Maybe I should throw in the state department while we're at it but um
the state department interesting I've had a conversation or two about the state department
and why they might be an interesting player in such an exercise. You know I think again the NIH
is a big waste of money so is the National Science Foundation. There are all ways of giving money
to cronies um in our country um but there's a lot of money there's a lot of resources in the world
there's no reason for any of us to believe that the planet can or can't hold a certain number of
people. We don't know how many it can hold because most of the resources are being stolen
all the time and and we're polluting and destroying the commons and the resources we have
and these are being done deliberately our governments are in cahoots with this. I mean why do we have
these planes flying with chemtrails? We don't know what's in I mean we have some ideas about what
is landing on the ground but why they're doing it um we have no idea I don't anyway
who are allowing these things to happen and so if we got rid of all that crap that has been
polluting our world mentally, physically, you know health-wise um we may not I'm pretty sure we
won't have to worry about climate change. The whole nuclear war thing is you know it doesn't make
sense to make. Is there anybody in the in the chat that can kind of confirm whether chemtrails is
real or not? I mean I guess they occasionally spray stuff I'm sure they do but like it's not
like some kind of global plan to darken the skies or to poison everybody or I just
I've never been able to get my head around that other than it's a it's a elaborate story to get
people to chase something that has many many other explanations and I can't believe she's
I don't know they do hear in West yeah anyway I
chemtrails are not nothing okay well I remain very skeptical of them I mean I'm not saying
that there aren't planes that have been flown with stuff that they spray out of them what I am
skeptical of is that every passenger aircraft that that flies is also equipped for this and so I'm not
I'm not really sure how much of the phenomenon is actually a jet plane phenomenon and how much
of the phenomenon is a spray phenomenon I do think it's possible that they would disguise
and it's a very smart way to disguise the dispersal of of chemicals with a jet like that but it seems
incredible to me that jets that are flying at 30,000 feet that are leaving a contrail
are usefully dispersing a poison in such a way that could be either monitored, measured,
touched whatever everyone on earth then is I think that's a that's the worst one let me just say
it like this that's the worst conspiracy theory to open with it's the worst conspiracy theory to
to put on the board unless all of your other chips are played and to bring that one up very
specifically to me I mean there's so many other things you could say it's kind of like you know
do you bring up 9-11 and building 7 or do you bring up 9-11 and the pentagon or are you
being 9-11 and shanksville or do you just leave 9-11 for the second conversation and I'm afraid that
chemtrails are a little bit like that but I'm totally open anybody that wants to fill me in
with links and stories and and proof and and and some you know explanation I'm down with that
the nuclear war that we haven't been talking about it for 40 years and all of a sudden they
started talking about it again this past year simply because it's a mechanism by which fear
can be induced in the population to move it towards a one-world government so I think some
of the structures are going to fall apart some of them we're going to beat up and as we build
structures that work for us you know organically things will improve and it's just you know as I
said before how much pain will there be for how many people we've doubled the number of people who
are at the edge of starvation in the world since the pandemic started so despite all of the you
know pretty talk from the WHO they've increased the starving people by over a hundred million
and we don't want to do that we don't want to let people down we want to encourage
agriculture there have been so many different ways in which agriculture has been attacked
including the restrictions on fertilizer and energy so we have to become aware of all these
things and then stop them you know if somebody in the government is working against the people
we have to get rid of them I know it's easy to say but once everybody starts figuring this stuff
out it's going to happen quickly I previously said that the two main things that we use to try to
get rid of this whatever it is great reset we're trying to talk to people get more people on our
side and using legal means in the courts and we have not been particularly successful at either
but I do believe it's a hundred monkey phenomenon and when I hear that 52 percent of Americans
think their health care system is no good that's important you know when the Florida governor
says we're going to do things differently that's important and one day everyone's going to flip
and think oh I felt this way all along so I think we have to keep doing what we're doing
there are going to be some countries in which the legal system has more angles where you can bring
cases that are likely to win people have to explore that we have to figure out what the
angles are and and go you know go for the throat basically we haven't been good at it but in the
United States at least at Children's Health Defense the lawyers think that the courts follow
what society believes when everyone was scared about the pandemic the courts would not rule in
our favor even when the law was on our side but people feel like that's changing because the
judges have figured out that the pandemic isn't much anymore so I think it will be until we get
the next pandemic you know it's a new world and we just have to keep playing away thank you so
much thank you Meryl hello thank you so much Meryl and just to add to what you said working
within the United Nations for many years I also met you know it's not all bad because we have a
lot of incredible people working inside the organizations and the governments with the the
heart and the right places so it's good for us to have people on the inside and it's good so she
worked at the UN and there's a lot of good people with their hearts in the right place working at
the UN just like there are lots of people in their hearts in the right place working at the who
for us to start influencing people on the inside too and talk to them because there are a lot of
good people there who probably would be on our side if they knew what was going on
Michael so maybe I can come back to the question of accountability more specifically
so this has been a large-scale crime it is a large-scale ongoing crime and so we should treat it as
such we need to allow enough time to deal with it for dealing with it and it was proposed that maybe
we can solve it top down we can try that maybe we can indeed get some get some good people into
leading positions and they would then be in a good position to clean up the system top to bottom
on the other hand I think we need to also start bottom up um this conspiracy I'm
an avowed conspiracy theorist today um so this conspiracy has been very large in scope and it
reached it if Mark uh is still in there this is Michael Palmer this is the guy who wrote the book
that's on the on the internet archive which questions the idea of whether a real nuclear bomb was
used in Japan or whether it was a huge kiloton bomb with mustard gas and that book is available
on the internet archive and that guy's name is Michael Palmer and he is a biochemist from Canada
who's actually German and he's one of the coordinators leaders founders of the Doctors for COVID
ethics the um one of the groups that I started following very early in the pandemic that split
into two and so there was the doctors for COVID ethics and then there's medical doctors for COVID
ethics international the one that Stephen Frost would that invites me regularly um this group uh
Doctors for COVID ethics is actually a group of them wrote the book um about the dangers of the
transfection that was circulated and published or not published by but circulated and publicized
by CHD um I think there was at least one of our fellows science fellows helped write that a little
bit um and so this is Michael Palmer anyway that this is the guy there were very many levels to the
down to the local level I think we need to start with the smallest perpetrators and get them to
fess up who made you do what you did or that you do it voluntarily so um then they have a chance
yeah so just simply just simply as you would start addressing organized crime so you just work
your way bottom up you start with these small ones who might actually have a residue of decency
left until um may see the most benefit of uh not taking the fall but indeed just naming those
who made them do it and then we just work our way up level by level and we simply need to not
tie off it we just simply need to keep that up not tie off it and simply try to uh just
reconcile prematurely with everybody I think um all and I don't think that that will work with
all we do respect to Dr. Palmer because um you're talking about you're trying to find the liar
so if you go from the bottom of the chain up you're just gonna find people that say yeah this
person told me we had to do it well this lawyer told me we had to do it well my administrator told
me we had to do it well my state's health secretary said we had to do it well the
emergency act said we had to do it the CDC said we had to do it so where do you go then you're
already at the top there is no accountability when everybody's found an emergency plan and
there's no second guessing the chain of command which is how basically this was done across school
districts across county governments across state governments and across the federal government
so in a way this sounds like a great idea and Meryl was just clapping because she thought it
was a great idea but I'm not really sure it makes much sense to do this when we're in reality who
are looking for the people who will not reconsider the truth the people who are smart enough to know
and therefore have to be lying and that's why I think the work that we have done in the past
at GIGO and biological has been invaluable because we have looked back at previous work we've looked
back at previous interviews we've looked back at track records of people and found that despite
their claims of being some of the smartest people on the internet the intellectual dark web was
surprisingly on pace for the slowest runners in the marathon despite claiming that they were world
class runners world class readers they were surprisingly not ahead of the TV
and surprisingly unwilling to listen to people like me people like Mike Eden people like
Byron brittle people like actually Michael Palmer and so I find it curious that he's on the stage I
think it's great that he's on the stage but he's on the stage with some people that
for sure have not been what is the best word is they have not been questioning the faith
they just simply have not been questioning the faith we've talked about this up here the whole
time and no one has mentioned the protocols no one is questioning what happened everybody is
looking forward not forward in in terms of like trying to get out of the cave but forward in in
progression of the narrative and all of these speakers have accepted that we are progressing
in the narrative there is no putting on the brakes and getting out of the car and rearranging things
and putting other people in the driver's seat and then turning around and going the other way or
back where we were or anything like that we there is no going back and so with quite a nice illusion
of consensus we have been given a set of choices which I think our choices which aren't going to
get us where we want to go if we don't try to take back the existing governance infrastructure
and try to remember try to remember
you can't really quite see it I guess but the reason why I was so excited to get this sign
off of Craigslist was not just because it's got a Dutch beer but because it was the 19th whole
sign at a golf course 2019 isn't that long ago the way that our our world was organized in 2019
was not crazy and the way that our our our culture was organized and say the year 2000 isn't that
long ago and wasn't that crazy and so we are being told a story about how everything needs to change
now we are being told a story about how there's coming chaos that we're going to run out of food
that everything is going to have to fall apart that it's only a question of how much pain is
there going to be the reality is is that if we really could use the internet in a way that
benefited us if if algorithms were really really twisted in a way so that they were to benefit
the common man we would be able to organize and our ideas would go viral in a matter of days
if a structure was set up on the internet for us to adequately express our desires and our goals
and organizing in a meaningful way as fellow citizens of earth we would progress very rapidly
but the entire social infrastructure and all of the parts of it essentially are orchestrated
in a way to govern us and these people I believe think that in order for us to make the radical
change to a global governance system with a global digital ID and a global central bank digital
currency system we need to have chaos we need to have chaos and so I'm afraid that that's what's
coming I'm afraid that we are already sort of seeing the first hints of it and that the plan is
is some kind of chaos I don't know what it what exactly it will be perpetrators need to be flushed
out need to be held accountable in order to discourage anybody in the future from following the example
because if we don't do this then we will for sure face the next fake pandemic or whatever it is the
next fake emergency that will be used as a pretext to rob us of our freedoms our livelihoods and even
our lives thank you can you hear me from yeah wow there's not much I can add to that really but
I'd just like to make the point I think that it's very difficult to change other people I mean you
can try but you'll waste a lot of energy doing that I think it's very important to take accountability
for your own actions and change yourself and how you behave and then expect the same of other people
I mean politicians for example I don't want to blame politicians because I think a lot of them are
trying to do what they think is the right thing but we don't hold them accountable for the things
they do and don't say as he mentioned that Hancock which is you know he's come under a lot of
flat recently for some of the things he did under his time as health minister but he gets I'm a
celebrity he get me out of here and earns a few hundred thousand pounds you know and people go
and watch him on TV and say this is always in that Hancock's on there people should be you know
writing letters herringing any little thing that you can do to try and switch this from a downward
spiral to a spiral of growth is good both because you're doing something positive and also because
you're not doing something negative so I don't I think everyone should try to do a little thing
each day towards the the life that you would rather have for the planet rather than the one that we're
going I don't think writing letters is going to do very much thank you thank you Jonathan also I
forgot that we Michael has not been introduced so Michael would you just want to introduce yourself
briefly so people know briefly I'm an empty by training from Germany I've been living in Canada
for 20 years where I taught biochemistry for 20 years and in March 2022 I became the first and only
10 year professor in Canada to be fired over his refusal to get vaccinated
thank you so much Michael so I know you all have been subject of censorship so I wanted to
know do you have any advice to us and others on how we can protect ourselves or you know I know I
discussed this with some of you but some people also feel that we can use it to our advantage so
so a little bit on that
censorship again it comes back to that you know you have to go with thick skin when
certainly when I've been involved in this space when you start getting attacked or censored
then for me it means you're over the target and you're making progress but then you don't stop
there you then highlight that censorship so for example I I was censored a number of times on
Facebook and banned for several days on sharing things like you know masks are probably not that
effective and citing some really important peer reviewed evidence and then I went on first of
all the daily express did a story saying I was censored about the mask stuff and then I then
referred to Mark Zuckerberg as being an enemy of democracy on GV News and made sure that was
disseminated right so people because people feel that they're all being affected by it but once
you get the truth out I think more people feel more courageous to deal with it so something
interesting and just breaking to share with you I met him last week after this after the Times
newspaper in the Guardian did sort of hatchet jobs on me grooming anti-vaxxer and all that kind of
stuff the Sunday Times called me that they're doing an article tomorrow and the guy called me
and he was very straight so I'm not going to lie to you here the editor has asked me to do a story
on rise of the conspiracy theorists okay rise of the conspiracy theorists
and but let's have a conversation so I spoke to him for about 40 minutes actually back and
forth a lot to discuss a lot of what I discussed in my lecture and he just sent me this message
I said how's the article going I was the first person they called clearly right they wanted to
feature me as a conspiracy theorist hi Assim yes file the piece in the end I felt our discussion
was too complex and nuanced to really include in the article the focus was more on conspiracy
theories which I'm now not entirely sure is how I describe your position
so apologies for that although you may ultimately prefer it
so you know the point of making there is I know it's difficult and I know it's not
easy and I've spoken to Robert I think in the States it's probably a bit more difficult because
whatever you say things can get twisted and smeared and you get lied about but I still honestly believe
that don't underestimate the power of your speech and the power of the truth but to convey that
in a place of of compassion and if they go low you go high
not sure yeah okay this one works yeah so I think to add on I had similar experiences actually with
a very famous British documentary filmmaker who spent a whole day with my family but then
couldn't use the footage for the same reason that the journalist just cited but but I wanted to
say something else it's the good news there's a good news here is that no matter what they're
trying to do smear misrepresent lie you have to realize that the truth is it's it's the most
cost effective way to communicate it's the cheapest the easiest and they can spend billions on their
propaganda machine but here we'll are right we win so propaganda again I think last night
Elon Musk tweeted Scott Adam says he had a major side effect from his second booster shot
felt like he was dying for several days hoping hopefully no permanent damage
and his cousin who is young and in peak health had a serious case of myocarditis had to go to
the hospital so this is written from one of the wealthiest men in the world um that that I don't
know how many millions of followers he's got in his twitter account i feel so inferior you know that
was a microaggression uh so it's wicked like I said there are no morals there's no boundaries
they will say and do anything the propaganda technology is very sophisticated it's very advanced
and if you think it doesn't hurt um to have um your name dragged through the mud again and again
again to have people denying uh your own personal CV and achievements uh it's it's not nothing
when Jill and I realized what we were up against which was not like anything I had encountered in
any of the prior six or so pandemics or major outbreaks that I've involved in um we realized
that we needed to find some other way to get information out uh and and there's all these
traditional channels like rallies etc and what we do when we travel and we talk to groups like you
which is great um we embraced uh new alternative media and uh this is not bragging the two of us
just Jill and I writing with occasional guest authors that we're very grateful for now with our
sub-stack we reach on a daily basis about the same audience that CNN prime time does
with that's quite uh when I went on a sub-stack rumor has it that that's been seen over a hundred
million times Joe Joe Rogan Joe Rogan is the is acknowledged by internal corporate media
advisory and analysis groups um Joe Rogan is acknowledged to be the major threat to corporate
media currently people people are are recognizing that um the information streams that they've
relied on are heavily contaminated they are they are propaganda they are not reliable sources
and particularly the young which of course over time becomes the majority of the population
have gone to a new model that is more of a menu driven information stream a diverse
decentralized information stream again decentralized is is I think how we fight their drive towards
centralization but my big message to you is number one um yeah they're wicked and it hurts
okay it's not trivial and the strategies to divide and conquer like the Mickey Willis clip that I
put up I can tell you when that's being done to you it is no fun at all when you're having people
that you thought were in the trenches with you shooting at you in addition to your opponents
that is no fun at all um and it's you face when you're on the battle lines of dealing with this
you face impossible decisions there are no good decisions when when you're encountering
this type of targeted defamation um there are no good decisions it is a business model
you need to understand that the the media ecosystem now is completely different from what it was
in the last century and it's not only a CNN business model to defame attack and propagate
fear that business model goes all the way down to the smallest broadcaster okay and they can
they can generate clicks and revenue by attacking somebody who's more prominent and they do it is
it is a model and it is extremely difficult there are no good decisions the only way that we're
going to get through that is we have to make it clear that those kinds of behaviors are not
acceptable I tried to give you an introduction there you go so he's already telling you he's
advocating for censorship it I didn't think that he would do it but I felt it coming
that's no different than Robert F Kennedy Jr. saying that anti-Semitic speech should be punished
that these people are either really unaware of the words they're using or they really think
we're dumb because that's not an American thing to say the right thing to do when people use
when they when people are punching up to try and climb the ladder of a nonsense you know
wild west media environment is to just keep working just keep telling the truth just keep
sticking to your morals and this idea of all of this you know there's no good decisions well
what decision did he make he made the decision to sue the brigands
and the brigands have a book about bioweapons
and that suit didn't go anywhere but it got both of them a lot of publicity and so two books
about the narrative sold his only other real action that he's taken is to out some people
about them being bad guys like stupiders and and Ruby somebody or other Dr. Ruby and
who else is he after now and George Webb
sharing all their links to all their channels all their previous work even George Webb's appearance
on 60 minutes interestingly enough the guy that George Webb thinks is the smartest doctor
the biggest doctor speak out hero of the pandemic is now other than Paul Catrell
who at least on two separate occasions was the host of Robert Malone on a podcast one of the first
to ever do it in 2021 and certainly one of the lowest ranking podcasters as he would so aptly
describe it here from the highest like Joe Rogan down to the lowest like like Paul Catrell
who Robert Malone graced with his presence in the middle of 2021
I feel like this is a I feel like this is a lot more of an announcement than a warning
I don't feel like we're giving given any useful direction here I don't think I've heard
in any of this discussion that the fresh air is coming from over there or the light from the
Sun is that way I haven't heard any of that I've heard a lot about inevitability I've heard a lot
about the coming pain and the coming inevitable changes and the way that we might do it is just
you know make our own parallel system because the whole thing is going to come falling apart
crashing to the ground anyway I hear an announcement not a warning and to the tools and technologies
of fifth generation warfare but I want to make it clear we cannot assimilate their ethics we cannot
normalize lying we cannot accept the logic that if they've done it to us we can do it to them I
firmly firmly reject that okay now keep in mind how magical this is because if you
he's also said this several times where he said that you can't get give get trust unless you give
trust and we shouldn't divide we should we should be uniting as ways of sort of tempering critique
of himself and here I really feel like it's a very
it's a very malevolent magic trick to to complain about lying to identify lying as a problem
when at the heart of your behavior is lying and I don't I don't want to sit here and accuse people
and I don't want to say it exactly that I have
his story has changed so much from the beginning of the pandemic to the end of the pandemic the
details have changed so much since he came out on the Brett Weinstein podcast in June of 21 until now
that for me he has not been forthright from the beginning to the end he hasn't been forthright
about his activities in 2020 up until 2021 he hasn't been forthright about his activities
before the pandemic he hasn't been forthright about his understanding of the things that have
gone on and that is evident because again he spent an awful lot of time podcasting
which means we've got a lot of recordings of him we've got a lot of of diatribes by him and
there's not an incredible evidence there's not incredible evidence of congruity between these
various stories the stories change a lot you can just follow one character in his story like Michael
Callahan for example and just go back to the beginning and find out what the story was from
Robert's own mouth and then find a few more examples of him telling the story of Michael Callahan and
look at how it changes now if you do that with each part of his narrative each part of his story
and you look for evidence of really what their position is it actually depends on who's holding
the microphone who's sitting in the audience and what day it is on the calendar
and that's how I've drawn the conclusion that I'm I'm pretty sure that he's not being
forthright about things all the time and so I don't know why but it's not to our benefit
and these really do feel like warnings these really do feel like there's nothing you can do
about it and this is what's coming if we accept that logic we become them okay we have to hold
ourselves to higher standard so that's what what I tried to give you in my talk was to empower you
to fight in this new media space but it is not easy and and it is a the terrain is constantly
shifting and the only way that I think you and your children are going to persevere in this is
you have to triangulate truth you know I've worked with a lot of CIA folks CIA are trained
liars we are surrounded by trained propaganda slayers and it is very difficult to fair it out
what truth there's there's a lot of strategies they use to confuse and your only weapon really
is to keep your mind clear and sharp triangulate truth and think for yourself and join us in the
battle please and so I just want you to imagine the possibility that if you were a CIA agent you
would say exactly that that if you were an NSA agent you would say exactly that if you were a
DoD agent or whatever agent of MI6 or whatever whoever's orchestrating this
would say exactly that that those people are liars and therefore the transitive property or the
that's not the transitive property but the the flip side of that is is that obviously he's telling
the truth that's the magic trick that gets pulled there and you don't have this consistent
behavior over three years you don't have this consistent behavior over two years so the only
reason why you are or this audience would believe that he's telling the truth is because of that
linguistic trick since the pandemic started I personally have learned something that has been
invaluable to me it helps me almost on a daily basis and that is connecting to my intuition
I've learned to listen to it
and I really recommend that you try it if you haven't try to you know see what is your what is
coming up you know what is coming into your mind or your body what makes your body tense or gives
you you know I mean I have a really good take on people I know whether someone is a bullshitter
from almost the first moment I see them and who is straight and all the rest you know and I mean
I've just picked one winner after another since this pandemic started and the more you connect to
that the sort of stronger gets the more information comes in somehow and that is what's helped me do
my work all along I wouldn't be here without it whether it might be grace it might be God it
might be the universe doesn't matter there are forces here that are here to help us yes thank you
yes um that was a weird that was a weird story or information comes in somehow that was a weird
statement and that is what's helped me do my work all along I wouldn't be here without it
whether it might be grace it might be God it might be the universe doesn't matter there are forces
here that are here to help us yes thank you
yes um censorship seems to be a failing business model I mean we have seen twitter fail and they
have been forced simply by people voting with their feet to remove much of that censorship I
guess we'll have to see wait and see how far that goes whether twitter will actually would have
become fully truly transparent and open to everybody but I think we saw a clear case of
business failure due to censorship and I mean whether or not we can rebuild all of society's
institutions maybe we cannot but on the other hand in the media this seems to be simple enough
I mean with the internet everybody who can write and think think and write can actually have their
own subject for example or some other blog or on website it would be successful simply
if they manage to produce convincing content so as long as we can hold on to the internet as
such the entire internet being freely accessible and free from censorship I think in the long term
I think people overcome censorship thank you that is true I think to a certain extent if the
if things like peer tube and soapbox and and federated distributed networks can be built
and my server links to all other trusted servers and yada yada yada I think that's a great idea
but there's a certain threshold that's going to need to be reached and they're going to the
corporations that now control those spaces are going to do everything that they can to make
that not happen they're going to pass laws to make it hard for that to happen they're going to make
laws about censorship that will make it hard for maybe even illegal to have a decentralized
network like that that can't be policed or allows these kinds of illicit materials to circulate
or angry messaging violent messaging will be a way for them to regulate or even
ban these unregulated federated spaces so I think in a way you're really hearing a warning
and an announcement here at the same time it's an announcement that this is what's going to happen
that this is where we're going I don't really hear a bad guy in Michael Palmer but I do hear
somebody who who sees what's coming and uh I just don't think he understands that
that the team that he's playing for right here is probably much more about announcing than they
are about warning even though I think Michael Palmer is still on the warning team
uh message to self never go after something with your gut feeling unless it's intuition you know
quite often you you pull up a tweet or you see oh look at that you know because it confirms to
what you would like to believe you forward it immediately to 30 people and then suddenly
realize it was fake news and anything that ends in ism is bad because it's an ideology and life
just doesn't work like that we life will never be perfect it's always going to be a balance of
factors leading to some particular outcome so if anyone's preaching ism to you don't listen or
challenge them I would say because I think we've been social media has an amazing effect on society
it's polarizing us into two groups and we'll fight in those two groups or more and also that
the authorities have real-time feedback on the things they're dropping into this information
space how people are reacting to that so we're a little bit like uh predators in
in the headlight and we need to be smarter than that so yeah thank you pray and pray in the
headlights wouldn't want it would be not predators in the headlights I like that that's not a bad
statement follow the dualism and anything anything anything anything I preferred actually Nick Hudson
statement though that really the way to see through this scam is that when they say it's a global
problem or a global crisis that needs a global solution you know they're full of bull
and so we should be thinking of it that way the isms are are obviously distractions the isms are
are are something that just are ridiculous but I think a more
bulletproof rubric is one where when we're told that it's a global crisis
or a global problem that needs a global solution we're done we're not in that
so thank you Jonathan we're gonna have to round up but as I always do when I interview people I
want to end it on a positive note so I was thinking that maybe all of you because we just entered
2023 could give us a short short short short short short inspiring uh message or quote for 2023
uh mike for a seam
um you'll make the best friends you've ever had you get in this battle with us
yes
maybe someone else can go ahead I would say that I mean we've been driven into new networks now
people that we'd never appreciated that we would have interacted with before this happened
and that's an entirely positive thing because now you work with people that live on the other
side of the world that you never met before amazing well I can only agree with my two predecessors
thank you it's it's indeed the best people I've ever met in my life just during the last two years
um what I see is when people wake up they're often overwhelmed by a sense of hopelessness and
helplessness when they encounter what has transpired over the last three years and the message I'm
trying so hard this quarter to push out is that we don't have to be victims we don't have to be
hopeless and helpless we can all be empowered we can all be engaged we can all help to move this
forward towards the future that we would rather have for our children and it begins with each
one of you committing to being a warrior and not being a victim whether you're vaccine
damaged psychologically damaged lost your job you do not have to be a victim don't let them
victimize you
yes I think I have the you know similar message my main message is you while you heard about warfare
and bio weapons and things like that being deployed here the message is you should not be afraid
there's nothing to be afraid of because once you know who the enemy is and what really is going on
then you can act accordingly you can be confident and empowered to act accordingly there's no longer
this invisible mutating you know BS coming from the department of defense you just know that it's
BS and you can you know you can you can you can formulate a coherent strategy so my message for
2023 be not afraid
so my late father was one of my my greatest inspirations and just to give you an idea of his
character the mayor of Manchester when he died said he was one of the kindest souls to ever walk
the earth and I think that's probably true I'll be biased and say that um but this is I'm just
gonna finish with actually I think very relevant to everything we've been saying today and I gave
this is eulogy the he was well known amongst his friends and on twitter for sharing lessons for
life he was very very philosophical and very wise my religion is humanity there is no need for
mosques synagogues or temples no need for complicated philosophy our own brain our own heart is our
is our temple the philosophy is kindness doing good to others and he gave his top these are very
briefly his top 10 or finished with his top 10 personal tips completely I think is relevant
everything we've been discussing today enjoy the climb and don't just focus on the end goal
live in the moment and take something special from each day do not worry if someone does
you harm as they've only harmed themselves live as you wish to be seen again by improper methods
is no gain at all always do the right thing as this will give you the peace and tranquility
that we all seek lament not if you are manipulated or used because discovering such is a moment of
freedom do not harbor anger or resentment as it only harms you and lastly last but not least
a small group of loyal friends can bring you all the happiness you desire
thank you thank you all so and then I just wanted to end with my favorite quote which is
be the change you want to see in the world so thank you so much to all of you for all the
incredible things that you're doing for humanity and you know I'm myself looking forward to
working with all of you in 2023 and make this world a better place
thank you
ladies and gentlemen we can't have a good accounting of where the mystery virus came from unless
we do the math and that math is something that people don't want to do we've got to force them
to do that math over and over again and we've got to keep telling this story over and over again
this wasn't that great of a show tonight but at least we were together at least I saw you tonight
at least I exercised the throat a little bit and I didn't break the street hopefully tomorrow
will be a little bit better tomorrow's throwback Thursday but I think throwback Thursday well
I don't know I don't know what I'm gonna do tomorrow but sometime this weekend I'm gonna take a look
at the Matt Crawford rounding the earth that went on yesterday because it was a a wonderful show
of admissions and and backpedaling and antics and hilarity
I hadn't seen those guys in almost like two months and so I kind of thought that they had
moved on to the mathematics of ancient Judaism and stuff like that but apparently
they're still pretty fired up about the biology that we were teaching for the last three years
so that was really flattering and it was funny and confusing and sad but it was nice because they
clarified for me anyway they clarified the kind of stuff that they don't understand they clarified
the stuff that they think they understand but you know our way over their skis on and then it also
really clarified the kind of narrative that they're really attempting to tell because one of the
things that was most extraordinary and I'll just leave it at this is that as they argued with Matt
consistently about the idea that this protein in the SARS-CoV-2 virus had a 20 amino acid sequence
that was capable of causing prion disease and that a single prion protein is enough to cause
prion disease and yet somehow or another the virus leaked it's spread around the world for
three years we've tracked it through millions of people and there's still not really a noticeable
signal in prion disease and humans nowhere anywhere and then to top it off we've actually
transfected over a billion people with the same protein albeit with a different codon optimized
sequence I find it really curious that that was really one of the main messages of that
live stream except for of course that they admitted freely that everything's clones it's all clones
it's all clones said Rixie and McCarran after a year and a half of calling me an idiot for talking
about clones and then McCarran said it was all exosomes and the proteins that are the excess
number of proteins that are produced and the exosomes actually matter so in my mind you know
they carried the football over the over the foot over the end zone for me twice sat down on it
and gave me a safety so it's four to nothing and I didn't even get on the football field yet so as
far as I'm concerned I'm going to wait until they kick me a field goal or score me a touchdown
before I even bothered to put my pads on this has been giga ohm biological it's a high resistance
low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist our consistent message and I will say
that very very proudly our consistent message over the last year or so has been that we don't
really know what happens but we definitely know that they're trying to eliminate the control group
by any means necessary because intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with
the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb and they know it. Transfection in healthy
humans is criminally negligent and they know it and most importantly viruses are not pattern
integrity and they also know that so I am going to be a broken record for a while I am going to be
saying this an awful lot and if you're joining me on a regular basis then you're going to hear
it an awful lot thanks I don't know what to say I'll see you guys again tomorrow it is thanks
giving but I'll be doing a show because we're just having a little meal in the house with
my wife is a wonderful cook my kids are wonderful kids and so I'm going to be spending most of
the time trying to keep the kids busy while they stay out of the way of my wonderful cook and
then we're going to enjoy that meal we're going to play some games we're going to watch a movie or
something like that and then later on I'll come down here and and pump out a stream from the back
of the garage so anyway thanks for joining me and I'll see you tomorrow
you